UPDATE by yeeeeeeee: Updated the inputs to make this compatible with Vita as there is no "note" button, press L+R+X+Down to open the menu.

NOTE: The mhef project makes this plugin obsolete. With it you can convertr
save files directly on your computer without a PSP and without CFW:r
  http://github.com/svanheulen/mhefr
r
This plugin allows you to copy your Monster Hunter character to anyr
save slot in any language/region of the game. In other words, you canr
do things like copy your character from the North American version ofr
Monster Hunter Freedom Unite to the Japanese version of Monster Hunterr
Portable 2nd G. The only requirement is that you must have both ther
game you want to copy from and the game you want to copy to.r
r
You can report issues, get the latest version, and view the source at:r
  http://github.com/svanheulen/mhscr
r
Known Supported Games:r
  Monster Hunter Portable (JP) (ULJM-05066)r
  Monster Hunter Freedom (EU) (ULES-00318)r
  Monster Hunter Freedom (NA) (ULUS-10084)r
  Monster Hunter Portable 2nd (JP) (ULJM-05156)r
  Monster Hunter Freedom 2 (EU) (ULES-00851)r
  Monster Hunter Freedom 2 (NA) (ULUS-10266)r
  Monster Hunter Portable 2nd G (JP) (ULJM-05500)r
  Monster Hunter Freedom Unite (EU) (ULES-01213)r
  Monster Hunter Freedom Unite (NA) (ULUS-10391)r
  Monster Hunter Portable 3rd (JP) (ULJM-05800)r
r
Theoretically Supported Games:r
  All variants of Monster Hunter Portabler
  All variants of Monster Hunter Portable 2ndr
  All variants of Monster Hunter Portable 2nd Gr
  All (including not yet released) variants of Monster Hunter Portable 3rdr
r
Easy Installation (disables all other game plugins):r
  1. Copy the seplugins folder onto the root of your memory stick, replacing filesr
r
Manual Installation:r
  1. Create a mhsc folder in your seplugins folder on your memory stickr
  2. Copy mhsc.prx to this new folderr
  3. Create a game.txt file in your seplugins folder, if one doesn't existr
  4. Add a line to the game.txt file that reads "ms0:/seplugins/mhsc/mhsc.prx 0"r
  5. Use your custom firmware's recovery menu to enable/disable the pluginr
r
Usage:r
  1. Load a character you want to copy and make sure you're in the main village arear
  2. Press L+R+X+Down to bring up the display
  3. Press the square button to save a copy of your characterr
  4. Once the save is complete, press the circle button to return to the gamer
  5. Load a character to be replaced and make sure you're in the main village arear
  6. Press L+R+X+Down to bring up the display
  7. Press the cross button to load the copy you made of your characterr
  8. Once the load is complete, press the circle button to return to the gamer
     Note: Your character's appearance will not change until you go on a quest,r
           enter the training area or change your equipment.r
  9. Use the normal in game save function to save the changesr
